This directory should contains the following files:

README                 -- This file

clustree.dx            -- An example clustering tree saved in a format
                          compatible with OpenDX data model.

view_one_tree.net      -- An OpenDX program (or "net" in the common OpenDX
                          jargon) for viewing clustering trees one-by-one,
                          one tree per file.

view_tree_sequence.net -- An OpenDX program for browsing collections of
                          clustering trees, also one tree per file.


Using the "view_one_tree.net" program
-------------------------------------

Assuming that you have OpenDX correctly installed on your system
(see www.opendx.org for installation instructions and downloads),
you should be able to run the "view_one_tree.net" program as follows:

dx -program view_one_tree.net

This should pop up the "Visual Program Editor" window. In the visual
program displayed on the right side of the window, double click on the
"FileSelector" item. This will pop up the window named "Control Panel".
In there, click on a little rectangle with "..." in it. This will bring
up the file selector dialog. In it, choose the "clustree.dx" file from
the current directory or some other clustering tree file generated,
for example, by the "clusteringTreeVis" program from the "examples"
directory. Once the file is selected, click on "Execute on Change" in
the "Execute" menu of the Visual Program Editor. This will bring up
the image of the clustering tree in the window named "Clustering Tree".

You can interact with the image window by pressing the left mouse
button and moving the cursor inside the window (by default, this will
invoke the virtual trackball and rotate the view). You can change the
interaction mode by accessing the "Mode" menu inside the "Options"
menu of the "Clustering Tree" window. For more details about interacting
with the images, please see the OpenDX manual.


Using the "view_tree_sequence.net" program
------------------------------------------

This program assumes that you have a directory filled with files which
contain the clustering trees. Such a directory can be generated by the
"clusteringTreeVis" example program. The file names should look like
"prefixNNNNpostfix", where "prefix" and "postfix" are arbitrary but
fixed strings, and NNNN should be a sequential number. For example,
"clusteringTreeVis" creates files named "clustree_0.dx", "clustree_1.dx",
etc., so that the prefix is "clustree_" and the postfix is ".dx".

You can view these files using the following sequence of steps:

1) Run the program: "dx -program view_tree_sequence.net".

2) Select the "Sequencer" item in the right part of the "Visual Program
   Editor" window by clicking on it once. Then choose "Configuration..."
   from the "Edit" menu of the editor. Write the correct minimum and
   maximum values of NNNN into the "min" and "max" entry fields and click
   on "OK". There should be files which correspond to both "min" and "max"
   value of NNNN.

3) Double-click on the "Format" item and edit the "template" entry so
   that the tree file name is correctly generated when the event number
   is substituted in place of "%d". Click on "OK".

4) Click on the "Execute on Change" item in the "Execute" menu of
   the Visual Program Editor. This will bring up the "Clustering Tree"
   window.

5) Double-click on the "Sequencer" item inside the program window of the
   Visual Program Editor. This will pop up the Sequence Control window.

6) Using the forward and backward buttons in the Sequence Control
   window, navigate between events. You can interact with the images
   inside the "Clustering Tree" window in the same manner as you did
   when you run the "view_one_tree.net" program.
